debian sid: fix docker image (#3426)
ElektraInitiative/libelektra: doc/news/_preparation_next_release.md

- Building the [documentation Dockerfile for Debian Stretch](../../scripts/docker/debian/stretch/doc.Dockerfile) works again. _(René Schwaiger)_
- Use python 3, SWIG 4.0 and ruby 2.5 in the [Dockerfile for Debian sid](../../scripts/docker/debian/sid/Dockerfile). _(Mihael Pranjić)_
- Disable python binding on `debian-unstable-full-clang` due to upstream [issue](https://github.com/ElektraInitiative/libelektra/issues/3379). _(Mihael Pranjić)_

> - Add bison debug symbols to debian sid image. _(Mihael Pranjić)_

Author: ```suggestion
- Use current ruby-dev on debian sid image as ruby 2.5 has been dropped. _(Mihael Pranjić)_
```
